####Contributions
When building the non-pipelined CPU, I implemented the specifications for the data memory and control unit. [Lab 4 Commit](https://github.com/EIE2-IAC-Labs/iac-riscv-cw-15/commit/3d610b9d7583cbade58083f261368f36f7383e0b) I then proceeded to test the CPU with the rest of the team with the Formula 1 Programme. Upon successfully testing the basic CPU, we began pipelining the CPU. Although I was not part of the main team for pipelining, I implemented changes to the control unit to accommodate the larger amount of instructions required from the previous lab.[Commit](https://github.com/EIE2-IAC-Labs/iac-riscv-cw-15/commit/86b736fa81660207997c8f7b54ba795c00fc97ee) I also added No-Op instructions to the test programs to prevent data hazards.[Commit](https://github.com/EIE2-IAC-Labs/iac-riscv-cw-15/commit/5e4e9df355f4005da80f43ae58b63c2a316367b0) We then proceeded to test the pipelined CPU with the reference programme to ensure functionality. I was next tasked with implementing the cache memory [Commit](https://github.com/EIE2-IAC-Labs/iac-riscv-cw-15/commit/83c8678cdc3c8390293c5fe56b6c6815f7c02e4d) into the pipeline CPU and started by coding the directly mapped cache and inserting it into the top level of the CPU.[Commit](https://github.com/EIE2-IAC-Labs/iac-riscv-cw-15/commit/556bb6488f74e26206631f2b7c7ccf54aa73c1a4) We then proceeded to test the cache memory with the reference programmes from the slides to ensure hits and misses occur as expected during load instructions.
####Reflections
This coursework has helped me to deepen my understanding of pipelining and cache memory. Further, it has helped me to understand the nuances of SystemVerilog and how to implement components effectively. Although the initial learning curve was steep, the journey has been fulfilling and has led to a better understanding of lecture content.
####Mistakes
Throughout the coursework, many minor mistakes whilst coding occurred and led to many issues during compiling. Over time, this improved, and less errors were made.
####Things I would do differently
Upon reflecting, at the beginning of this coursework I rarely utilised gtkwave to debug errors. Fully utilising this would have saved me time and effort.
